change default secrets on deploy (#1614)
owncloud/ocis: docs/ocis/deployment/_index.md

Both have simple default passwords which need to be changed. Currently, changing a password is only possible on the command line. You need to run `ocis accounts update --password <new-password> <id>` for both users.

The new password for the Reva Inter Operability Platform user must be made available to oCIS by using the environment variable `STORAGE_LDAP_BIND_PASSWORD`. The same applies to the new Kopano IDP user password, which needs do be made available to oCIS in `IDP_LDAP_BIND_PASSWORD`.

Furthermore oCIS needs to share a JWT token with REVA, wich also need to be changed by the user.
You can change it by setting the `OCIS_JWT_SECRET` environment variable for oCIS to a random string.

### Delete demo users
oCIS ships with a few demo users besides the system users:
- Admin (ddc2004c-0977-11eb-9d3f-a793888cd0f8)
- Albert Einstein (4c510ada-c86b-4815-8820-42cdf82c3d51)
- Richard Feynman (932b4540-8d16-481e-8ef4-588e4b6b151c)
- Maurice Moss (058bff95-6708-4fe5-91e4-9ea3d377588b)
- Marie Curie (f7fbf8c8-139b-4376-b307-cf0a8c2d0d9c)

You can view them in ownCloud Web if you log in as Admin user or list them by running `ocis accounts list`.

> Before deleting all demo users mentioned above, you must create a new account for yourself and assign it to the administrator role. After doing so it is safe to delete the demo users in the web UI or with the command `ocis accounts remove <id>`. Please do not delete the system users (see [change default secrets]({{< ref "_index.md#change-default-secrets" >}})) or oCIS will not function properly anymore.

Reviewer: > Before deleting all demo users mentioned above, you must create a new account for yourself and assign it to the administrator role.

IMO this should be directly under the header `### Delete demo users`.

Author: Thanks for the feedback :+1:

- [ownCloud 10 setup with oCIS serving ownCloud Web and acting as OIDC provider]({{< ref "owncloud10_with_oc_web.md" >}}) - This allows you to switch between the traditional ownCloud 10 frontend and the new ownCloud Web frontend
- Run ownCloud 10 and oCIS in parallel - together
- Migrate users from ownCloud 10 to oCIS

## Secure an oCIS instance

### Change default secrets
oCIS uses two system users which are needed for being operational:
- Reva Inter Operability Platform (bc596f3c-c955-4328-80a0-60d018b4ad57)
- Kopano IDP (820ba2a1-3f54-4538-80a4-2d73007e30bf)

Both have simple default passwords which need to be changed. Currently, changing a password is only possible on the command line. You need to run `ocis accounts update --password <new-password> <id>` for both users.

The new password for the Reva Inter Operability Platform user must be made available to oCIS by using the environment variable `STORAGE_LDAP_BIND_PASSWORD`. The same applies to the new Kopano IDP user password, which needs do be made available to oCIS in `IDP_LDAP_BIND_PASSWORD`.

> Furthermore oCIS needs to share a JWT token with REVA, which also need to be changed by the user.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Furthermore, oCIS uses a shared secret to sign JWT tokens for inter service authorization, which also needs to be changed by the user.
```
